361 Journal

1-7-2018
-----------------
Winter slowly rolling in as I have completed the agents demands.  I can now return to Beecher's Hope and live a quiet life on the family with the family....  wait, wrong journal.


1-8-2018
-----------------

I started thinking about what my vision statement could be.  No real ideas yet.  Have to think about a problem that I have and solve it.  Solving problems that you have tend to lead to problems more people have.


1-10-2018
-----------------

Found the idea as it popped into my head.  A self directed, curated learning website that will use a web crawler to find the best quality resources for a learner of any topic at any stage in their process.  This will be very applicable to what I want to learn and hit multiple areas at the same time.  Taking 344 this quarter as well and there is a Python project.  If we could learn how to implement a web crawler, there should already be a Python library, so this helps hit two birds with one stone - in addition to a very cool idea/solution to a problem.

This website will be of particular use to intermediate learners as their resources tend to be lacking (few and far between.)
If we can populate quality resources for all people at any skill level, we can make the learning process more efficient, easier, and get rid of unnecessary wasting of time evaluating and finding resources/materials.

Need to find some resources to back up this problem, as well as find some on self directed learning.


1-13-2018
-----------------

Found a couple resources to back up my original problem.  The resources on finding this problem seem to be lacking.  I don't think this problem is addressed enough for any topic, in any manner.  This seems to be very cool and could be a space that needs to be filled.  Doubt there is much money in it, but seems like something that could use a solution.
On the other hand, maybe this isn't a problem.  Is it that people quit and never get past this stage.  Do they chalk this up to being "hard" and give up?  Are the ones that get to "expert" simply the ones that continue without motiviation?

Forgot and refound some of my resources from my old language learning days.  Stephen Krashen [professor emeritus at USC in linguistics] will make excellent reference material when discussing comprehensible input, materials, and self directed learning.  His original book from 1981~1985 is published as a pdf from his website.

Found additional resources on self directed learning, online learning, research papers on related topics, etc..
Need to read through and evaluate the resources before adding to and submitting the final paper.


1-17-2018
-----------------

Today we were assigned groups and our visions.  Reading my group members describing the application in Google Hangouts has given me multiple concerns.  They have no knowledge about the topic, thus don't have a grasp on the ramifications of such an application.  Once I explained some about the topic and we all interpreted the project, the concerns came more to the forefront.  I'll reserve judgement until reading the project in full.


1-19-2018
-----------------

Read the project in full.  I do not want to implement any of this project.  The creator's heart is the right place, but this application has some serious ramifications.  If my software company was contacted to work on the project as a consultant, I would have refused the business.

When reviewing, we have several concerns:

1) Magical data input.  Data/Intelligence from the agencies mentioned would be impossible to gather.  We would not have security clearance to collect this data.  The only thing we could do is scrape the web for past IED locations - which would be guesses on location as most mention the city or region.

2) Having any device or application like this available to civilians would make any one carrying one a target.  They could bbe injured or killed due to militias or other unbecoming organizations looking to get their hands on such a device.

3) If they were to get a device, this heat map would tell them not only where they have placed their IEDs in the past, but also allow them to place IEDs strategically to avoid the heat map's current mappings.

There are programs that are bad and ones that shouldn't be made.  This falls into the shouldn't be made, with the exception being if this was strictly for classified military or goverment personnel.


1-20-2018
-----------------

This is not a big data/dummy data input problem.  This is a problem of an application being built that only requires real data to be input to some bad things...





